# Planimation - A PDDL plan visualizer. 

## What the project is about
This project is a visualizer of plans expressed in PDDL (Planning Domain Definition Language), developed in Unity. 
Planimation covers several problems, that are grouped both by the subject used in them and the specific PDDL version used for the encoding. 
The particularity of this project is the personalization of the problems per se: the domains are fixed, but the problems will be generated by the user at run time. This allows for [?]

##

## How to try the project
In the repository, specifically in the folder [?] there's a fully-functioning demo that can be used to try the project. 

Either way, the project is open source and can be extended to cover more scenarios. 
To do so, you need to install the project: 
1. Download and install the Unity Hub at https://unity.com/unity-hub
2. Clone the repository : 
3. Open the Hub and import the project by clicking on ADD and then selecting the folder of the project you just cloned.
4. Wait for all the packages and assets to be imported succesfully.


##

## Problems covered
The project covers 3 domains : Robots, Logistic and Elevator. 
The Robot problem is about the movement of objects from one space to the other. The robots are responsible of moving some balls from a place to another, which will be the goal.
The Logistic problem is about the transportation of a package from a place to another one which will be the goal. 
The Elevator problem is about the reachability of a specific floor.

Each problem has different versions, which will be choosable through the second interface. 
There are normal versions, the most basic ones; 
the PDDL plus versions 
; and the PDDL 2.1 versions 




## Visualization
In the main scenario, you can choose one specific 

### Credits 
This project was realized entirely by Martino Marco (@Marco-Maker) and Arnieri Nicole (@nicolearnieri) for the Automated Planning module of the course "Intelligent Systems and Automated planning", yy. 2024-2025. The course is  toa part of the Master's Degree of Artificial Intelligence and Computer Science of UNICAL - University of Calabria. 

The problems covered were mostly provided during the course 
